title: What I Did Last Summer
long_form:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>Until now I never told anybody what I did last summer. There was this one person who said they knew what I did, but they were way off base.</p>
      <p>It all started with the Land Rover I borrowed from a friend. I had no plan. No plan at all. I just started driving and eventually found myself in the desert. There I met this gnarled old medicine man who told me I was destined for great things. He smelled funny. And then he disappeared.</p>
  -
    type: image
    photo: /assets/img/desert.jpg
    caption: "My buddy's Range Rover"
    size: Oversized
  -
    type: text
    text: >
      <p>Later that day I climbed this cliff face for a shot of the sunset and got stuck up there overnight. The medicine man appeared again, smelling even funnier than before. He told me I was destined for grape things. I was confused. And then he disappeared. Grape things?</p>
  -
    type: image
    photo: /assets/img/dangle.jpg
    caption: My footsies
    size: Normal
  -
    type: quote
    quote: You are destined for grape things.
    cite: Smelly Medicine Man
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>I woke to a hot air balloon over my head. They swooped down and asked if I wanted a lift. When presented with adventure, you just say yes. That's my motto. And up I went. I don't remember anything else.</p>
tags:
  - summer
  - smells
fieldset: long_form
template: blog/long_form
id: 94e17627-f7db-4f7e-8656-f99d2ecf15ea
